# Team Meeting Minutes - Sept. 30th, 2022

**Attendees:**

- Abdulaziz Almutlaq
- Maysey Lu
- Jordan Onwuvuche
- Harman Sahota

---

## Meeting Agenda

1. Resolve Jordan's merge conflict.

2. Have all members sign the IP agreement so that Maysey can send it back to Barb to be signed and uploaded onto the repository.

3. Schedule a specific team meeting time to meet every Friday to discuss recap what happened the past week.

    - Fridays at _____

4. Discuss tasks from previous meeting.

5. Assign tasks to team members.

    |Team Member|Tasks|Due Date|
    |-----------|-----|--------|
    |Aziz|||
    |Maysey|||
    |Jordan|||
    |Harman|||

6. Discuss the problems we've been facing up till now and discuss some potential solutions.

    - It has not been a problem yet, but it is anticipated in the future that we'll need quick responses from team members.
        - To prepare for this, we need everyone's phone number saved.
    - Merge conflicts due to `.DS_Store`
        - As suggested by Maysey, Harman will look into creating a `.gitignore` file

7. Discuss about the gitstats report we have to submit today.
    - Current gitstats report show:

      |user|score|
      |----|-----|
      |AbdulazizAlmutlaq0| 108.40
      |Harman Sahota     |121.18
      |Maysey Lu         |100.32
      |Uchej-coder       |120.48

      Everyone's gitstats score looks good. Maysey's score should increase slightly after she uploads the team meeting minutes and IP agreement.

8. What we have to discuss with Barb next meeting.
